# Git Practice
### Jason Tran 
Hi Haley, I completely agree with you that the logic in computer science and law are completely different and often times they are in conflict. However, I still think that there is a unique intersection that having a computer science background can give you advantages in law. For example, I think the complexity in thought behind computer science can make you think about law much more expansive ways that you may not have otherwise. Furthermore, I think thatthe emergence of AI and machine learning, the law will not be importantly in establishing guidelines behind data privacy and security, but could also benefit from a lot of the writing and reading that is required in that field. For example law textbooks and prior cases can be read through much faster with the help of AI. Overall, I thought that the article you provided was an extremely fascinating read. Thank you for sharing Haley! 

#### [Software engineers and the law](https://josvisser.substack.com/p/software-engineers-and-the-law)
This article looks at the intersection of the computer science/tech field and the law. Author Jos Visser, an engineer with a law degree, ultimately argues that software engineers typically won't succeed in law due to the foundational differences that drive each person's views in their respective field. I've always naturally gravitated toward STEM - and am now pursuing a major in CS - but law is where I want to end up. I'm hoping to pursue a career in which I can combine these interests (currently considering cybersecurity/cyber, IP, and privacy law). Therefore, this article was particularly interesting to me.

Visser opinionzes, "Once [software engineers] understand the law as a system of rules, they take it to the logical extreme and forget that at the end of the day, the life of the law is experience, not logic (quoting Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr)." I found this noteworthy because law is generally interpreted to be logic-based. While studying for the LSAT, it's unrelentlessly reiterated that everything comes down to formal logic. I've also been told countless times that a computer science background is a unique advantage that will facilitate my learning in law school and arguments/thought process as an attorney. Thus, it's understandable to reason that a computer scientist, whose work is centered around mathematical logic, would be able to more easily adjust to, or even excel in, law. However, Visser's article asserts the opposite. What I've always liked about the law is that there is ambiguity. There are rarely situations that are purely black or white, and opinions and interpretations are the at the core of court decisions. Although law is heavily logic-based, experience (as Visser calls it) is just as important. The "logic" in CS (and STEM) and law are similar and yet vastly different. I'm not sure what exactly this means for my goals of utlizing my CS background in a law career, and I don't think that STEM and law mindsets/success are mutually exclusive, but this article will remain food for thought in my endeavors.